hungry Palestinians desperate for food
shot at by Israeli forces near Q8
roundabout an intersection often used by
Aid trucks in Gaza
City many were left seriously injured
and some
dead we survived death they shot at us
there are many dead many injured we
almost died to get our children abide to
eat the injured were taken to Al Ali
Baptist hospital but with baz's
Healthcare System at near collapse many
were treated outside in the open
air they went to Kuwait roundabout
because they wanted to eat they wanted
to live the Israelis fired at us some
people died some were injured and some
got back unscathed may God have mercy on
us more than 32,000 Palestinians have
been killed since Israel launched its
war on Gaza more than 5 months ago this
is not the first time Israel's been
accused of shooting at Palestinians
waiting for Aid accusations Israel
denies this attack was carried out
around the same time un Secretary
General Antonio GES was visiting the
Egyptian side of the Raffa Crossing he
again called for an immediate ceasefire
and for Israel to lift its blockade and
allow the delivery of desperately needed
Aid it is our only hope it's timey to
truly flood Gaza with life-saving giving
a the choice is clear either surge or
starvation let's choose the side of help
the side of Hope and the right side of
History The Diplomatic efforts are
continuing to find some form of
agreement between Israel and
Hamas the people of Gaza know time is
not on their
side Victoria gon B Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
Channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer